**Professional Points**
- Troubleshooting customer devices:
	- Describe carrying out a factory reset:
		At times, customers who are less tech-savvy who are preparing to sell their phones or give it to a relative. I'll run the phone through a factory reset, going through the settings and going throughout the reset process. While this process is straight forward and not complicated, providing customer support is part of the job.
	- Describe changing device settings to fix customer issues.
		I have also helped people out with their device settings for various other problems. I recall one time where a customer accidentally installed an app called "EZ viewer" or something similar. This app heavily changed the layout of their home screen and size of her app icons. I fixed this by going to the apps in the settings and looking for the app that seemed like a layout changing app.
	- Describe diagnosing connectivity issues and fixing them.
		People come in regularly with connection issues. I can usually boil it down to one of three options. One, a setting was turned on/off (Like airplane mode or just having their data turned off). Two, they had run out of data and needed to upgrade their service plan or add more data to their phone. Three, a cell tower is out in their area. Cricket provides an app for employees to check service availability in an area, what towers are down, and what towers are scheduled for maintenance.
- Describe Cricket standard practice:
	- Describe the hoopla & checking emails.
		Everyday, I check our company email to see important company updates and I also check our weekly newsletter (Called the hoopla) that notes any upcoming promotional start/ ending dates, key selling dates, ect.
	- Describe entering customer accounts.
		When entering customer accounts, we have to follow some safety procedures like: Getting the ID of the specified user and acquiring the account pin.
	- Keeping work environment clean & tidy.`
- Describe technical details of operations at Cricket:
	- Setting up customer devices
		When a customer buys a device, before leaving, we always make sure their devices are fully set up. Going through the set up process is relatively straightforward, we also help transfer old device data to the new device (Media, contacts, apps, device settings) which typically there is like a QR code you have to scan on the old device with a new device, or the devices have to be plugged into each other.
	- Make changes to customer accounts
		Sometimes customers come in looking to make changes to their account, like: Changing their phone number, their service plan, or adding a line. Adding a line will involve getting the devices IMEI and entering it into our system, authorizing the purchase, then going through the device setup. If its an unlocked device (Which I first ask the customer if the device is unlocked, then double check by checking the sim status in the about section) they're bringing in, I typically look in the about section of the settings to find the IMEI.
	- Keep up to date with new devices in stock and their hardware
		I also keep up to date with all of our devices in stock and upcoming devices. This includes knowing the hardware of the devices too, like: Camera specs (Like how many megapixels resolution in a devices camera), knowing the devices ram (So I can let the customer know about how powerful the device is), and knowing a devices storage limits.
	- Switching from a different carrier.
		We also do number transfers, which require knowing the customers account number and number transfer pin from the carrier they're switching from. If they don't have one or the other number, usually I get ahold of their carriers customer service line and request the number transfer pin and account number for the customer. Once we have that, we can add a line and enter all the information in and as long as no errors pop up and the line switch goes through, then we can finish up with the purchase and device setup.
**Personal Points**
- I'm new to the field, willing to give my all, adaptable & fast learner:
	I'll admit, when it comes to doing device setup and installation, I have no professional work experience in that regard. But, this is something I'm very interested in. I'm willing to give it my all, I'll adapt to whatever schedule, situations or problems the job demands, and I'm a fast learner and I'm confident I'd be capable of getting a grip on the fundamentals within a couple weeks.
- Need to make a living for my family & looking for longtime career:
	I'm looking to start my career for the future. It's not in my long term goals to just be someone who works in retail or a sales person. I'm looking for something that I can use my skills on the job, that leaves me satisfied with my work. And, at Cricket, I only make 9 dollars an hour and I have a family at home that I need to support. I actually have a daughter, and my wife spends all of her time at home taking care of the house and the baby. But aside from pay, I'm looking for something that I think that I would do well in, so that I would have good job security in my career path
- Comfortable in social situations & willing to work with customers meeting their needs
	I've worked in customer service for a little over a year, I always give them a can do attitude and help them to the best of my abilities. Even when I've had situations with more difficult and upset customers, I always give them the best service possible so that they can walk out of the interaction satisfied, hopefully boosting customer retention in the process.
- Technical individual
	I do consider myself to be a technical individual. I've used computers for literally as long as I remember so I'm very computer literate. I was always the "IT guy" of the family, but all I did was set up the modems, routers & switches. Occasionally I would help them out with their computers which I would normally fix by changing a setting, resetting something (Like if the internet stopped working, I would reset the WIFI adapter, restarting the computer, ect). At none of my jobs did I ever have trouble navigating the computer software to manage inventory or conduct sales. I also engage in programming as a hobby, and I use Microsoft word to write documents for various emails and update my resume. I also use Microsoft excel to compare data like if I'm looking to buy a car or rent a house, I'll research and enter the data into excel and use functions to automatically figure out what would be the best deal.
- This job aligns more with my career choice
	Working in tech has always been a dream of mine, I think Cricket kind of counts as working in tech as I get to do customer support. I'm more so looking for a job where I can use my hands and some of the skills I try to cultivate in my free time. When I was young, this is job I imagined myself in.
**Interview Questions**
- Describe a time you had an issue with a coworker and explain how you resolved it:
	At Walmart, I've had more than a few interactions with problematic coworkers. Like with one of my co-workers, who had been particularly rude and insistent when I suggested doing something a certain, way. Like when I told him we needed to place a crate of raw sausage on a different pallet than the pallet with processed lunch meat to prevent cross contamination. Originally I started with "Hey you can't put that there" and his response was "uh, yes I can". I remained calm in the situation and explained the reasoning behind why I said that, which he came to understand so we could go throughout the correct process. I've also had other issues with this same coworker, most of which was him being very insistent on his way when approaching a problem and was sometimes rude about it. Which I'm fine with discussing the issue and meeting in the middle, though it did come to the point where I let me supervisor know about his continued behavior.
- Describe a time you dealt with a difficult customer scenario:
	One time, over the phone. A lady called, and I started with my typical "Cricket Wireless Chickasha! How can I help you?" to which she answered "Uh, actually yes you can help me". She was very snippy through out the call, though she had told me that she was just frustrated over finding her grandson a proper phone carrier. A lot of people giving her the runaround, telling her if she just spends this much money they can get him a new phone and unlimited service just to her it'll be over 400$. I talked with her a bit, and came to understand that she really only wanted to find out about our pricing. I let her know about our plans at Cricket, and our pricing too. In the end, especially after hearing our cheap prices, being as helpful as possible instead of roping her into a sale, she sounded satisfied and I think probably created a new Cricket customer that day.
- Walk me through how you would troubleshoot a problem:
	First, I would identify the issue. I would ask the customer about more information about their problem, which customers usually can tell you about whats going on (or the symptoms per say), and then I try to figure out what different issues could be wrong with the device based on their response. After understanding all of the symptoms, I will think of some potential problems and solutions. I will then try to apply fixes until the problem is fixed through trial and error.
- How would you explain technical issues to non-technical customers?:
	Typically, I will break it down into simple terms. People are not stupid, they just don't have the vocabulary and thorough understanding of the topic. I will describe the problem using analogies and trying to cut out any buzzwords.
- Tell me about a time you went above and beyond to help a customer:
	There was one customer where I ended up staying around 30 minutes after close. Originally, he was going to leave closer to closing time. But, he ultimately decided he did need to buy a new phone and I helped him set up his phone completely as we do, and went through setting up the data transfer. It was going to take 20 extra minutes to complete the transfer, so I set it up where the transfer wireless as long as he kept his old phone nearby his new phone, so that he could be on his way.
- Describe a situation where you worked under pressure:
	There have been times I've had many customers come into my store at Cricket all at once, or where I had to work under deadlines with Walmart that I wasn't sure if I was going to finish. I try to prioritize the most important or quicker work first. Like at Cricket, I can only handle one customer at a time on the POS system. So, I would handle bill pays first (because they're quicker), then handle new lines or new accounts. I would also try to multitask to handle multiple customers at once, like if I'm already setting up someones device, then the POS system is free to do another transaction with another customer.
- Describe a time you solved a problem where the solution/ approach was unclear
	
- How do you typically build rapport with each customer?:
	I try to be personable with all of my customers at Cricket, creating small talk and getting to know each customer by name. Our store is actually kind of known for doing this, so we have customers who come from nearby towns just to come to our store even though they have to drive 30 minutes to get there. It really helps build customer retention whenever they come not just for the product, but for the great customer service that comes with it.
**Personal Questions**
- What would my schedule for the position look like?
- What is my pay rate?
- When can I expect to hear back? Is there a number I can call to check on the status of the hiring process?