This will be the first entry into my journal. I've decided to write journals before but they never ended up sticking. This will be my first digital journal, and I enjoy writing in text a lot more, so maybe it'll stick this time.

Why am I writing a journal now? I've decided to get a little more structure into my life (Also to improve some writing skills). My whole life I've just been kind of "winging it". After I had my daughter, I took on two jobs and started thinking about my career a lot more than before. Before she was born, I took everything day by day, and didn't really think about the overall progress or status quo of my life. I just kind of enjoyed my time with my wife (who at the time was my girlfriend). So, that's the whole point of this journal! Here to document my progress, goals, accomplishments, ideas, life stuff, and all that jazz.

So, whats going on right now? I'm starting to get into programming a lot more. Now its not just Roblox programming (Though I'd like to get into it more again). At the moment, I'm more interested in creating native apps in C, so I can create some software ideas I've had here recent. I've wrote about those ideas in the *Programming* folder. Its been interesting creating apps in C, and I decided to use C because I want to get more into programming on a low level. Its also the language that Lua is created in, and I have a lot of experience with using Lua, and would definitely like to explore the source code to understand how it works a little more. I decided C over C++ because C is a lot simpler. Don't get me wrong, I like classes, but I'm not going to remember 20 different keywords for pointers with slight differences on how they work. Also, I'd like to understand more how C is compiled, where as with C++ I feel like I'd be having a lot more trouble understanding how every piece of code I write is compiled.

Aside from programming, I'm looking to start working out more. Nothing crazy. I already get a work out from working at Walmart. I think I wanna just try as many push ups as I can for one session everyday. I've heard just doing push ups can get you pretty far, and I believe it. When I worked at Walmart before 2 years ago, I noticed some muscle definition just by doing all the heavy lifting there. I imagine I will get more working there again and working out as well. I'll start doing my work out sessions before writing my journals to document how many I've achieved.

I probably wont be writing these journal entries consistently at all, but I want to try writing at least once a week. I think that will be sufficient.